I'm Anna saridu um I'm a first year
medical student at the University of
Oxford and we're currently in the Oxford
encampment um which is a collection of
members of the um community of Oxford
and the university in support of the
people of Palestine so what we want
ultimately is for the University to
acknowledge this as a genocide um we
want there to be condemnation for the
actions of the Israeli government um and
for the complicity of European
governments including the United
Kingdoms as well as the United States um
in not acknowledging this as it needs to
be um and further to that funding and
arming Israel as a nation and its Army
and allowing for this to happen and
beyond that um we know that Oxford has
Investments um in Israeli companies and
Israeli business um at a college level
this is unclear so as well as wanting
Clarity um for how these Investments are
made at the college level um we want for
Oxford University as an institution to
divest um from these companies and to
stop funding genocide in this way in
directly as well as directly and
hopefully um the action of Institutions
so we're not the only encampment in the
UK I think there's n or 10 of us
currently um hopefully these
institutions responding in this way put
some pressure on our government as well
um to mirror these actions and to do the
same at a national
level we will stay here as long as we
can and as long as it is safe for us to
do so um given how much help we've had
from the community and how much um um
Aid we've had in the form of food and
supplies um wooden planks so we don't
walk through the mud um you know help in
any form and also donations to keep the
camp going I think we're in a good
position um to remain here obviously not
forever um but I think I would be very
surprised if we have no response from
the University at all um I would like to
think that the people um who lead these
um prestigious universities which are
known across the world um do care about
what their students think um and would
like to at least open some sort of
conversation um about how these demands
can be met and how they can best
represent student interests because we
are all paying to be here and even
though we all love this University and I
feel very lucky to be here but with that
being said I also feel that my voice in
this matters and all of us do and that
is why we've come together for this
issue make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer